whats up youtube this is yuugi-san 05
coming that's you again with pretty much
my phone ability of crystal beast as
well um the deck is very very
competitive and consistent it's not here
but it's my secondary deck and I still
like it a lot start out with rescue cat
where to begin with this it's an amazing
card and it pulls these guys these guys
are the tuners and crystal beasts yes
crystal beasts um
yeah can't really explain much more
gross week at pool except for Arabella
man amethyst cat & sinker for sixth or
whatever else sapphire Pegasus and green
I like it that way and it's just the
best pretty much the best card in the
deck besides some of the draw power
cards which are wicked I want to get
ultimate of these so if anybody wants to
trade me them i will do online trades
through the mail and stuff i'll put a
trade binder up if you guys want me to
um actually I do that next it's not very
good that because i restarted over on my
cards and i don't have as much as I used
to but I'm getting back to how I used to
be three amber mammoth whenever your
parent declares an attack he allows you
to basically make him the attack target
oh I didn't explain this to pester
gwenya text monster he goes up to two
basic 2000 and when he's no more Simon
special summoned or flipped he pulls a
crystal beasts from your deck to your
spawn trap cards in which is why he's
like amazing card but three Ruby
carbuncle I'm looking for two more
parallel that it'll all just ordered
them for three dollars of Easton men um
whenever it's special summoned from the
start represent or anything just needs
to be special or alleged especial
something although crystal beasts near
spawn trap cards in which is why it's
amazing in tune with this calf they
attack directly and if they do they're
it's half so 600 usually spells looking
for another one of these ultimate um
three inches city amber loins
it's just very very good multiple
effects and it's just really good
three-hour value but it does is if you
have two or more crystal beasts monsters
and your spawn shepherds in your parents
selects one of them and sends it to the
graveyard and then you draw two cards
which is the drill engine for the deck
which is why the deck actually dis
competitive three crystal released it's
an equip card it gives the monster 800
attack power and when the monsters
destroyed or this is destroyed you get
to pool crystal beasts from your deck
and put it to your spare truck red zone
so it's like a mini Pegasus in itself
and I like it really it's really good to
me um three crystal beacon if you have
two more in your sponge records and you
can special summon one from your deck
crystal beasts that is its pro 3 crystal
abundance they all star spell card if
you have four or more move for exact
honestly because you can't play a six
card but you have that for more crystal
beast in the spawn trap card zone and it
destroys your pants feels and you get
cards equal to that number special
summoned and it's just really really
good and your parent can't do anything
like oppression against it on to think
the crystal problem is selasi special
christmas and respond to our game it's
really good crystal blessings if you
have more you can select up the tube
bone or krista beast and put them to
your spot shot good zune from your
graveyard so it's really good monster
move home because the monsters in this
Dec aren't very powerful to lightning
vortex and
let me get to your traps and have to get
to my synchro deck two traps one tribute
it's neil entrap a card in the deck and
it's just really consistent i think
extra deck this is the same extra deck
from black wings and flex my standard
extra deck so yeah one punch of android
i mean i want to explain really iron
chain bronek oil 2 i'm going to
Blackwing armor master this is my secret
decker Blackwing ancient fairy blackery
Silver Wind colossal that um Stardust
compacted fortress I don't really I
don't have a side deck cadet or side
deck for this deck because it's just my
secondary deck and there's not much to
side against this deck is just very like
cinco and yeah so um tell me what you
think this is my secondary deck not my
main deck so just letting you guys know
that and just rate and subscribe yeah
subscribe I have very little right now
I'm trying to put more video up for you
guys but every time I get ready to
something comes up but I'm returning the
favor and thank you